[Sarah Chen] Good morning everyone! It's 10 AM, and I'd like to get started with our daily scrum. Today we have some critical technical discussions to cover alongside our regular updates. Before we dive in, I just want to remind everyone that we have the design review tomorrow, so we need to make sure we're aligned on the authentication flow. Let's start with our status updates. Emily, would you like to begin?

[Emily Watson] Thanks, Sarah. Yesterday, I made progress on the frontend authentication components. We're about 60% complete with the basic implementation. The login form with validation and error handling is done, but I'm hitting some roadblocks with the biometric authentication. We're seeing inconsistent behavior across browsers, particularly in Safari. I'm currently working on the 2FA UI components, but I need to sync with Michael about the API endpoints to ensure we're aligned.

[Michael Kim] I can address that right after the updates. On my end, I've completed the secure password hashing implementation and rate limiting for login attempts. The JWT token management is mostly done, but I'm still working on session handling. I've also been reviewing the salt generation method – there might be some security implications we need to discuss, Alex.

[Alex Rodriguez] Thanks for flagging that, Michael. I've completed the detailed analysis of the NutriAPI Pro integration that I promised yesterday. I have some concerns about the security implications, especially regarding data validation. I'd like to discuss those during our security infrastructure review. Also, I've been looking at the field-level encryption implementation for sensitive health data – we should probably coordinate on that as well.

[Olivia Martinez] From the DevOps side, I've got the initial CI/CD pipeline configuration set up with security scanning integration. Still waiting on SSH keys from a couple of team members – Liam and Alex, I'll need those by noon today. I've also started setting up the security scanning rules for the nutrition API responses, but I could use your input on that, Alex.

[Liam Foster] On the design front, I've been collaborating with Emily on the authentication flow UI. We've made some adjustments to improve the 2FA screen accessibility, but I've noticed some color contrast issues in the biometric authentication prompt that we need to address before tomorrow's design review. I've updated most of the Figma prototypes, but I'd like to review them with Emily this afternoon if possible.

[Sarah Chen] Thank you all for those updates. I'm noting several items that need immediate attention, particularly around the authentication system. Michael, could you elaborate on the salt generation concerns you mentioned?

[Michael Kim] Sure. The current implementation uses a timestamp-based seed for the salt generation. While it's not inherently insecure, I've been researching some potential vulnerabilities if an attacker can predict the timestamp pattern. I'm considering switching to a crypto-secure random number generator, but I wanted to get Alex's thoughts on the performance implications.

[Alex Rodriguez] That's actually a good catch, Michael. Using timestamp-based seeds could potentially make the hashes vulnerable to rainbow table attacks if someone figures out our pattern. I'd strongly recommend switching to crypto.randomBytes() for salt generation. The performance impact would be negligible compared to the security benefits.

[Emily Watson] While we're on the authentication topic, can we discuss the API endpoint structure for 2FA? Michael, I'm seeing some inconsistencies between what's documented and what's actually being returned. Specifically, the error response format doesn't match what we agreed on in the API spec.

[Michael Kim] You're right, I made some adjustments yesterday based on some edge cases I discovered. I should have communicated that better. The main change is that we're now including more detailed error codes for different types of 2FA failures.

[Emily Watson] That actually affects several of my frontend components. I'll need to update the error handling logic. Could you share the updated error code mapping?

[Sarah Chen] This seems like an important detail to resolve. Michael, could you share the updated documentation by end of day? Emily, will that work for your timeline?

[Emily Watson] Yes, as long as I have it by EOD, I can make the necessary adjustments before tomorrow's design review.

[Sarah Chen] Perfect. Now, let's move on to the biometric authentication browser compatibility issues. Emily, can you detail what you're seeing?

[Emily Watson] The main issue is with Safari's implementation of the WebAuthn API. While it works fine in Chrome and Firefox, Safari's handling of the authenticator data is different. We're seeing intermittent failures during the verification process, and the error messages aren't consistent across browsers.

[Olivia Martinez] I can help test this across different browser versions. We just got our BrowserStack subscription set up yesterday. Emily, if you can provide me with the test scenarios, I can run through them this afternoon.

[Liam Foster] From a UX perspective, we need to consider how to handle these browser-specific issues gracefully. I've designed some fallback UI states, but we should probably review them together, Emily.

[Alex Rodriguez] I've dealt with similar WebAuthn issues before. The key is to implement feature detection rather than browser detection. I can share some code snippets that might help.

[Sarah Chen] That would be very helpful, Alex. Let's move on to the security infrastructure discussion. Olivia, can you give us an update on the SSH key situation?

[Olivia Martinez] Yes, as mentioned, I still need keys from Alex and Liam by noon today. Once I have those, I can finish configuring the deployment access controls. I've also set up the initial security scanning rules, but I need input on the specific patterns we should look for in the nutrition API responses.

[Alex Rodriguez] I can help with that. Based on my API analysis, we need to be particularly careful about PII in the response payloads. I've identified several fields that need encryption at rest and specific validation rules. I can walk you through those now if you'd like.

[Michael Kim] Before we dive into that, can we quickly discuss the encryption key rotation strategy? I've implemented the basic framework, but we need to agree on the rotation frequency and backup procedures.

[Sarah Chen] We're running a bit short on time, but this is important. Alex, can you give us a quick overview of your recommendation?

[Alex Rodriguez] I suggest we implement automatic key rotation every 30 days with a 24-hour overlap period to prevent any service disruptions. We should also maintain three generations of keys in the rotation to handle any delayed messages in the system.

[Liam Foster] While we're discussing security, I wanted to bring up the accessibility implications of our security measures. Some of our error messages aren't being properly announced by screen readers, particularly in the 2FA flow.

[Emily Watson] I noticed that too. We need to make sure all our ARIA attributes are properly set up, especially for the dynamic content in the authentication flow.

[Sarah Chen] Good catch. Liam, can you work with Emily to address those accessibility concerns before tomorrow's design review?

[Liam Foster] Absolutely. I've already started updating the design system documentation to include proper ARIA labels and roles.

[Sarah Chen] Great. Before we wrap up, let's quickly go over the preparation for tomorrow's design review. Emily and Liam, are you ready to demo the authentication flow?

[Emily Watson] The core components are ready, but I'd like to do a dry run with Liam this afternoon once I implement Alex's WebAuthn suggestions.

[Liam Foster] That works for me. I've prepared the updated Figma prototypes showing both the happy path and error states. We can review those during our dry run.

[Sarah Chen] Perfect. Let me summarize the key action items for today:
- Michael to share updated 2FA error code documentation by EOD
- Alex and Liam to submit SSH keys to Olivia by noon
- Alex to share WebAuthn implementation suggestions with Emily
- Emily and Liam to conduct authentication flow dry run this afternoon
- Olivia to complete security scanning rules with Alex's input
- Everyone to review their components for accessibility compliance before tomorrow

Does anyone have any final questions or blockers we need to address?

[Michael Kim] Just one quick thing – when should we sync about the encryption key rotation implementation details?

[Alex Rodriguez] I can meet right after this if you're free, Michael.

[Sarah Chen] Excellent. If there are no other questions, let's wrap up here. Remember to update your tasks in Jira and reach out if you hit any blockers. Thank you everyone for your time and focus.

FINISHED