[Sarah Chen] Good morning everyone! It's 10 AM Eastern, and let's get started with our first daily scrum of Sprint 1. I want to keep us focused and within our 15-minute timeframe. Let's start with environment setup status. Could each of you quickly share where you are with your development environment?

[Alex Rodriguez] Morning team. I've got my environment mostly set up. Spent a couple hours last night configuring the Node.js and PostgreSQL stack. Had a small hiccup with some version compatibility issues between TypeScript and React, but I've resolved that. I'm ready to dive into the user registration implementation today.

[Emily Watson] Hi everyone. I've got most of my frontend environment configured. Still working through some Tailwind CSS setup issues. The PostCSS configuration is giving me a bit of trouble, specifically with some custom plugin compatibility. I should have it sorted within the next hour though.

[Michael Kim] Morning. Environment is about 80% ready. Got PostgreSQL running locally with the initial schema structure. Still need to finish setting up the test database and configuring the connection pooling. Should be done before lunch.

[Olivia Martinez] Hello team. I've got the basic CI/CD pipeline structure set up in GitHub Actions, but I'm running into some permission issues with the AWS integration. I might need some help with that, Alex, given your experience with AWS. Otherwise, the testing frameworks are ready to go.

[Liam Foster] Good morning! Design tools are all set up and running. I've started updating the wireframes as discussed yesterday, removing the social login options. Working closely with Emily on the Tailwind configuration to ensure our design tokens match the design system.

[Sarah Chen] Great updates on the environment setup. Let's move on to specific progress updates. Alex, what's your status on the user registration implementation?

[Alex Rodriguez] Right, so I'm starting with the password hashing implementation using bcrypt. I've created the initial user schema and set up the basic validation middleware. One thing I want to discuss briefly is the JWT token rotation strategy - I'm thinking of implementing a sliding window approach for refresh tokens. Michael, we might need to sync up on this later today.

[Michael Kim] Makes sense, Alex. I've actually been looking into some HIPAA-compliant token storage approaches we might want to consider. Maybe we can catch up after the standup?

[Sarah Chen] That sounds important, but let's schedule that discussion after our daily scrum. Olivia, can you update us on the DevOps progress?

[Olivia Martinez] Yes, as mentioned, I've got the initial pipeline setup in GitHub Actions. I've created separate workflows for dev, staging, and prod environments. The main blocker right now is the AWS permissions issue. I've also started setting up Jest and Cypress configurations. Planning to implement the coverage thresholds today once the pipeline issues are resolved.

[Sarah Chen] Thanks, Olivia. Liam, how are the design updates coming along?

[Liam Foster] I've completed about 60% of the wireframe modifications. The removal of social login options has required some layout adjustments to the authentication flows. I'm also working on the design system documentation, which should be ready by end of day. Emily, I noticed you had some questions about the component spacing in Tailwind?

[Emily Watson] Yes, actually. I'm trying to match the spacing scale you've defined in Figma with Tailwind's default spacing scale. We might need to add some custom values to the config. Also, I've started setting up the basic component architecture with accessibility in mind. Already implemented ARIA labels for the form components we'll need for user registration.

[Sarah Chen] Good coordination there. Michael, your update on the backend structure?

[Michael Kim] I've got the initial database schema mapped out. Created the first migration scripts for the user table and related entities. The API structure is following the agreed-upon modular monolith approach. Main concern right now is ensuring our data encryption methods meet HIPAA requirements, especially for the personal health information we'll be storing later.

[Sarah Chen] Those are valid concerns. Let's identify any immediate blockers. Anyone have anything urgent that's preventing their progress?

[Emily Watson] The Tailwind configuration is my main blocker right now. Once I get that sorted with Liam, I can move forward with the component library setup.

[Olivia Martinez] Just the AWS permissions issue I mentioned. Alex, could we spend 15 minutes after this meeting looking at that?

[Alex Rodriguez] Absolutely, Olivia. And from my side, I'd appreciate that quick sync with Michael about the JWT implementation before I get too deep into the code.

[Sarah Chen] Perfect, I'm hearing some good collaboration happening. Quick reminders before we wrap up: Alex is leading a technical deep dive on authentication implementation tomorrow, and Liam, we need those updated wireframes by end of day for the frontend team to start their work.

[Michael Kim] Sarah, quick question - should we schedule a separate session to discuss the HIPAA compliance requirements in detail?

[Sarah Chen] Yes, good point. I'll set that up for tomorrow afternoon. Any other urgent items before we close?

[Liam Foster] Just want to confirm with Emily - are we meeting at 11 AM to finalize the Tailwind configuration?

[Emily Watson] Yes, I've blocked that time. We can use my Zoom room.

[Sarah Chen] Excellent everyone. Great first daily scrum. Alex and Olivia, you can stay on for the AWS discussion, and Michael, I'll send out the HIPAA compliance meeting invite shortly. Have a productive day, everyone!

[All] Thanks, bye!

FINISHED